Added the channel argument (#208)
crate/croud: CHANGES.rst

Unreleased
==========

> - Add the ``channel`` argument to the cluster deploy command. This is needed 

Reviewer: Please write the changelog entry for the end-user:

```suggestion
- Added the ``channel`` argument to the ``clusters deploy`` command. This argument can be used to specify the release channel of the specified CrateDB version. Can be either ``stable`` (default), ``testing``, or ``nightly``. Testing and nightly deployments can only be performed by superusers. 
```
